the planet Cronus beset on all sides by
the tides of war this one's quite colony
became a savage battle field seven
armies clashed on this one world each
refusing to back down each convinced it
was in the right hands of Cronus a
central desert in the necrons ancient
machine spent on Radek ating all life
but another recall already had exams for
the planet from the depths of the war
the demonic forces of chaos
to enforce their claim to oppose these
fearsome powers the planets rulers in
the tau empire sent their elite soldiers
and sophisticated Battle suits into the
frame man came the Imperial Guard there
to secure Cronus for the glory of the
god Emperor like a dream tied the org
ward descended on furnace caring little
for others flames and sewing destruction
in its wake beyond our ancient enemies
of the necrons emerged from the web way
to pursue their own legend hunt Cronus
and last came the Space Marines finest
and most uncompromised seeing worlds
beset by aliens and heretics they
undertook a great purge a dark crusade
had begun it could only end with the
total victory of one of these factions
and the total defeat of all others